---
extends: _layouts.post
section: content
title: Hello
date: 2018-10-23
description: Welcome to yet another attempt at a blog 
categories: [personal, cancer]
---

I'm trying to write a blog *again*.

I do this every few years and then fail to ever go through with it. I guess the reasons always comes down to:

-I'm lazy at the end of the day from being a web developer.
-English was never my favourite thing, why would I ever want to write it for fun?
-Do I even have anything worth writing about?
-Would it even matter?

This time maybe things will be different. I now feel like i have something to write about. Its been weeks since I've actually worked properly, and It's going to matter to me now. in less than a year things have changed quite drastically for me, and its been a confusing and depressing journey.

I was diagnosed with ~~[Ewing's Sarcoma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ewing%27s_sarcoma)~~ ~~[A Malignant Peripheral Nerve Sheath Tumor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malignant_peripheral_nerve_sheath_tumor)~~ ~~[A Germ Cell Tumor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germ_cell_tumor)~~ [Angiosarcoma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angiosarcoma). That will be the next thing I write about.

Aside from my bad turn of events in life, I love technology. Computers, gadgets, hardware, software, programming, data, gaming.&nbsp; I want to try and write about that too. On top of loving it, I'm also saddened by what modern computers and consumer gadgets have come to in some ways. So that's another thing I will hopefully write about.

After writing something like this I normally hit save, go to bed, and never return to write another post. Then something comes along and instead of just writing i end up deleting the blog and starting from scratch....

Let's see what happens *this* time!